Broadcast playlist edits in real time using websockets (#1212)
metabrainz/listenbrainz-server: docs/dev/devel-env.rst

* ``rabbitmq``: Used for passing listens between different services
* ``web``: This is the main ListenBrainz server
* ``api_compat``: A Last.fm-compatible API server

> * ``websockets``: A helper server used for the user-following component of ListenBrainz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``websockets``: A helper server used for the playlist component of ListenBrainz
```
